---
title: May 3, 2025
date: 2025-05-03T11:19:03.000Z
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - dating
tags:
  - huan
  - fix
mood: tired
weather: sunny
location: journey
rating: 2
draft: false
---

To create more alone time with Huanhuan, we headed to Shuicheng today, planning to spend two days together.

While waiting for the bus at noon, I got hungry and casually ate a bowl of beef noodles by the roadside. As a result, I wasn’t very hungry when we arrived in Shuicheng and had little appetite.

During this trip home, I noticed an old broken phone that my sister used to have. I also observed that Manman and Ningning would become very eager to use phones when they had no playmates. So, I thought of taking this broken phone with me to see if I could fix it.

After picking up the package (parts for repairing the phone) and returning to our accommodation, I immediately started working on the phone. Thinking I hadn’t fixed it, I reassembled it casually, only to find that the battery was slowly charging. Now I have another backup phone to bring home next time. I also asked Huanhuan:

> [!question]  
> Are phones more harmful or beneficial for kids?  

Huanhuan said they’re more harmful, and I agreed. But it seems there aren’t many beneficial alternatives.

In the evening, neither of us felt like eating. After browsing on our phones for a while, we decided we wanted either boiled dishes (清水烫) or sour soup fish (酸汤鱼). We took a taxi to Fenghuang Mountain, only to find it closed. So, we started walking around while looking for food. Eventually, we found a sour soup fish place near People’s Square—it was incredibly cheap, just 29.9 yuan for two people. Though the fish seemed like it had been soaked in water, the vegetables were quite tasty. 