---
title: 2025-12-22
date: 2025-12-22T00:18:59-07:00
categories:
  - diary
rating: 2
  - mastodon
  - hugo
  - workflow
mood:
  - irritable
weather: overcast
location:
  - Edmonton
stime:
release: -1
draft: false
---

### 00:15 Starting with Mastodon

I recommended Huan to register a Chinese Mastodon instance, and tried to let her know what is mastodon.

Besides, I am trying to integrate our toots on Mastodon into this Hugo blog.

I need to learn more and output more.

### 00:38 Code with Agent

It's easy for us to achieve a function that we want to do now.

### 02:23 Good night


### 12:00 Integrating fetch Mastodon data into workflow

It can now automatically fetch mastodon data into our Hugo page every day.

I'm looking forward to seeing Huan at here. 


Today I roasted a big turkey and four pork legs for next days. It’s not bad. 

### 20:24 cmx

I told Huan to register a Chinese mastodon instance. 

een struggling to fall asleep because of the **continuous and intermittent noise** coming from the fans. I am trying to listen to louder music to **increase my listening threshold** so the noise doesn't bother me as much.

Today I roasted a big turkey and four pork legs for next days. It’s not bad. 

I think I can use the posts on mastodon to instead of my #diary . But I think I also need to record other status for every day, and I like the recalling and summarizing process at night. So, I will insist on opening #obsidian to write diary every day, but only for the end of the day.

Other time or some moments I can directly post on #mastodon .

Ohh, right, I went to the building office to file a complaint about #noise , because I couldn’t fall asleep during whole night, and meanwhile I become more irritated by the high frequency noise.

Fortunately, the technician came my suite on time and reduced the volume of the noise at last. But it noise still exists, I can feel it every second.