---
title: May 29, 2025
date: 2025-05-29T01:38:50.000Z
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - alone
tags:
  - phone
  - game
  - stranger
mood: quiet
weather: overcast
location: Shuicheng
rating: 2
stime: '423'
release: 0
draft: false
---
### 09:38 Upgrading My Phone's System  

Over the past couple of days, while browsing CoolAPK, I noticed that Xiaomi 15’s system had a major official update. Many users claimed it was significantly smoother and more power-efficient, which made me eager to try it out. However, it was still in the closed beta phase, and I didn’t have access. So, I spent about an hour tinkering and managed to sideload it using a replacement method.  

I used to love updating my phone’s system and apps, always eager to experience new features as soon as they dropped. But after my Xiaomi 10 suffered from negative optimization (performance degradation due to updates), I became much more cautious. From what I’ve seen online, this seems to be a widespread issue across almost all smartphone manufacturers. Devices where hardware and software aren’t controlled by the same company—like PCs—don’t seem to have this problem.  

In general, it’s wise to stop updating your system and system apps at the right time. Here are two ways to determine when to stop:  

1. **About a year after the phone’s release**, when the next iteration is about to launch.  
2. When **system update logs become vague and perfunctory**.  

If both conditions are met, it’s time to stop updating. Doing so will ensure a better long-term user experience.  

### 16:36 Bought the Game "Kind Words"  

Most people in this game are incredibly warm, unlike some other platforms. The anonymity and the fact that you only interact once with each person add a mysterious charm—it feels like the person on the other end is from another world.  

I tried posting two questions and received some heartwarming replies, even though the answers were often things I already knew deep down.  

----  

> [!question]+ My Request  
> **Dear all,**  
>   
> I am confused about the meaning of life.  
>   
> Should we devote ourselves to the present moment or to our future?  

> [!note]+ Reply with a Giraffe sticker  
> Devote yourself to you, and the future you. Only then we can became and shape our future.  
>   
> It's a timid relationship, but there's no past without now, and no future without a past.  
> Devote yourself to what ideas and possabilitys make the now you happy.  
>   
> If your path in the now leads to a good future, with the help of the past. You'll do fine<3  
> <span>F</span>  

> [!note]+ Reply with a dancing Gremlin sticker  
> Life has no meaning but the one you choose to give it. On my side, I ask myself if my actions align with my values, and reevaluate either one of them if that is not the case. I think one must not forget where one came from, but not to the point where the past become a burden. Same for the future, it should be an exciting goal to tend to but it should not take over our enjoyment of the present moment. I hope you can navigate your life successfully :)  
> <span>W</span>  

-------  

> [!question]+ My Request  
> I don't have a job right now. I am very confused.  
>   
> Can anyone make me feel like I am not alone.  

> [!note]+ Reply with a Captain Astronaut sticker  
> J, You are not alone. Just because you don't have a job right now that does not mean your are alone nor have value. This time likely has another purpose for you right now. I myself do not have a job right now but try to use the time gaining wisdom through the interactions I make and study a new skill. I actually just did some Blender practice since I want to get into 3D modeling and been trying to make myself practice everyday so I can be good enough to add it to my resume.  
> <span>S</span>  

> [!note]+ Reply with a cool Sunflower sticker  
> I am also unemployed at the moment and kinda lost to what I should do for the future. I am trying to see it as an opportunity to reevaluate my choices as I didn't find fulfillment nor meaning in the corporate world, There are so many possibilities, it can make the choice daunting. You can do all the research and preparation that you want, but I think in the end it is only after you make the leap that you will know whether it suits you. Mistakes and doubts are part of the journey. So don't be afraid to try and fail!  
> <span>W</span>  

### 19:30 A Walk  

I went out for a walk—it had been two whole days since I last stepped outside. Stepping out felt like being released from prison; everything seemed fresh and full of clarity.  

I treated myself to some roasted potatoes from a place I’d been craving. The potatoes were delicious, and there were so many seasonings that it felt like they were giving away free potatoes with every purchase of seasoning. I also bought a bowl of silver ear fungus soup, but it didn’t feel like great value for money. Next time, I’ll just bring my own water, haha.  

### 22:10 Bought Another Game—"Scribblenauts Unlimited"  

Got it for just 10 yuan on sale at 杉果 (a game distribution platform). It’s an old game from 2009, but the art style and music are incredibly charming. It’s very relaxing and fun, and you can even learn a few words while playing. A great find! 