---
title: April 6, 2025
date: 2025-04-06T15:21:41.000Z
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - work
tags:
  - errand
mood: tired
weather: overcast
location: journey
rating: 3
draft: false
---

This noon, Huanhuan, her dad, and I went to a beef restaurant to buy some beef to bring home. The beef was 50 yuan per pound, which is a decent price in Hongguo.  

Along the way, Huanhuan bought some roasted corn and roasted potatoes. The roasted corn was quite tasty. When we passed by a pharmacy, Huanhuan wanted to buy melatonin for me, but the price was over 100 yuan—way too expensive. I had checked the price on Meituan before, and it was only around 30-40 yuan. So Huanhuan just placed an order online instead. By the time we got home, the delivery person had already arrived.  

After eating, we immediately headed to catch a bus to Shuicheng. Since I have class early tomorrow morning, I needed to get to Guiyang tonight. It’s always tough to get transportation after a holiday—the bus tickets were already sold out until 3 PM. Luckily, we found a taxi for just 60 yuan, so I hopped in. Huanhuan went to refund the bus tickets.  

The two-hour trip ended up taking twice as long due to traffic, and by the time we arrived in Shuicheng, it was already very late. I also had my mom’s medicine and a medicine jar with me, so I quickly took a taxi to drop them off. Coincidentally, they were having dinner when I arrived, so without hesitation, I grabbed a bowl and took a few bites.  

I immediately took another taxi back to where I was staying, took a quick shower, and with a very clear mind, packed everything neatly. Then, I hailed another taxi and headed to the train station.

Then began my bizarre and sensitive day.

