---
title: May 11, 2025
date: 2025-05-11T15:06:42.000Z
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - dating
  - hang-out
tags:
  - fried-chicken
  - mom
mood: tired
weather: clear
location: Panzhou
rating: 1
draft: false
---

This morning, we went to eat beef noodles, but they were too salty and not very tasty. At noon, Huanhuan went to work overtime for a while, and then we went to find Xiaoxue to have Dicos. We had actually planned to meet her yesterday, but by the time we got back from Chengguan last night, it was already quite cold, and the weather wasn’t great.  

Dicos recently launched a new menu item: chili oil chicken drumsticks. It left me feeling greasy all day—never pour oil over fried food!!!  

For dinner, we had the corn Xiaoxue brought us at noon. After eating, I called my mom and asked her to come out for a walk. I suggested she take the bus, but she was still a bit hesitant, maybe because she thought spending two yuan was a waste of money, so she walked to meet me instead. On the way, we bought some hawthorn balls. When she saw the sugar coating on them, she thought it was ice and said it was too cold, which made the shop assistant laugh. She told me she had never eaten hawthorn before and hadn’t even seen it.  

We passed by a SANFU store, so I took her inside to look around. She wanted to buy a hair tie, tried a few, but ultimately didn’t buy anything. Later, we went to a small goods supermarket, but the quality of the items there wasn’t great, and the prices were quite high. She initially wanted to pick up a hair clip, but I told her it didn’t look very nice and wasn’t comfortable, so we decided to check other stores later.  

Huanhuan suggested that we could take pictures of the products and buy them online—for the same price, we could get a whole bunch.  

I’ll look into it. 