---
title: May 27, 2025
date: 2025-05-27T02:24:31.000Z
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - alone
tags:
  - toothache
  - Sophia
  - movie
mood: anxious
weather: rainy
location: Shuicheng
rating: 2
stime: '500'
release: 0
draft: false
---

### 10:24 Anxious All Morning  

Feeling discontent with the current situation and uncertain about the future inevitably leads to anxiety. When will life reach its conclusion? Is death truly the only endpoint?  

The rankings for the [Emergency Management Bureau interview](2025-05-23.md) have been released, which has significantly boosted my confidence. Link: [Announcement of Comprehensive Evaluation (Interview) Results Ranking for the 2025 Talent Recruitment of the Affiliated Institutions under the Liupanshui Emergency Management Bureau](https://yjj.gzlps.gov.cn/bmxxgk/zfxxgk/fdzdgknr/rsxx_5804147/202505/t20250526_87926320.html)  

### 20:03 Studying *The Great Learning*  

My teeth have been hurting all day, likely due to the medication I’ve been taking. Fortunately, my eyes aren’t as uncomfortable as they were yesterday.  

A few days ago, I listened to Yuantingshansheng’s reading of *The Great Learning* on the Himalaya App. This afternoon, feeling unmotivated to do anything else, I decided to take a serious look at this foremost of the Four Books.  

I watched Wang Defeng’s lecture on Bilibili and gained a lot from it.  

### 22:46 Lying in Bed Watching *Mission: Impossible*  

The toothache was unbearable, so I wanted to distract myself. At first, I considered gaming—I only have *Honor of Kings* and chess on my phone. The former seemed boring just thinking about it, and the latter requires too much brainpower. In the end, I decided to watch a movie instead. Earlier today, I saw news that *Mission: Impossible 8* is about to be released, so I searched for *Mission: Impossible 1* on Bilibili and started watching. 