---
title: "2025-02-14 Vortex"
author: ZJeapo
to: Huan
date: 2025-02-14T12:16:00
categories: 
series: 
tags: 
draft: false
---

Dear Huanhuan,

It's been a while since I last wrote to you. Recently, I had been under the impression that we were in a very harmonious state. If you hadn't told me, I wouldn't have realized the inner journey you've been going through. It's essential that you share these things with me because these issues are like whirlpools; struggling alone, you might only sink deeper.

So, I'm glad you told me, but seeing you upset, I'm at a loss for what to do. The answers to these problems don't lie with me, and you know I'm not one to offer empty words.

Reflecting on this, it seems the issue isn't new. Even before we started our relationship, we had discussed and pondered similar questions. The question of being "worthy" or not has never been a real issue, especially concerning economic capabilities. If we truly have a deep bond, then it's impossible for one to improve while the other deteriorates or remains stagnant.

If we love each other, any change in one's state will affect the other, in every aspect. Take the economic aspect, for example. If I become wealthy or you do, the result is that we become wealthier together, not that a wealth gap widens between us. Conversely, if I or you face financial difficulties, it merely means we're not as affluent as before. The same goes for abilities, insights, and other aspects—we are one.

Thinking about this, I suddenly realize that our relationship resembles true communism. We shouldn't emphasize "you" and "me"; what we seek isn't personal but collective. It's normal to have disagreements and worries because perhaps our bond isn't strong enough to fully merge us. But I believe we don't need to overly worry or seek promises. We both know what's real and what's not.

Falling into these whirlpools is often dangerous, and it's hard to escape alone. As merged halves, like the souls of Nezha and Ao Bing, we can't ignore each other's struggles. When you're caught in a whirlpool, I will inevitably step to its edge to rescue you, and I trust you'd do the same for me.

However, I might also get sucked into the whirlpool, and then we might end up like XX and YY. How long the whirlpool lasts, where it takes us, whether it escalates into something else, or if we vanish within it—these are possibilities we can foresee. But don't worry; even so, we shouldn't face the whirlpool alone without each other's knowledge.

Dear Huanhuan, I don't know if my words have eased your doubts.

The question of being "worthy" should only be a concern for matchmakers when arranging who meets whom, not in our hearts.

Zhu Zhu  
February 14, 2025