---
title: April 26, 2025
date: 2025-04-26T14:07:50.000Z
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - alone
tags:
  - idea
  - buy
mood: quiet
weather: overcast
location: ShuiCheng
rating: 3
draft: false
---

This morning, both my mom and my brother called to invite me over for a meal, but I didn’t feel like going. My brother also asked me about signing up for the Guizhou Talent Expo and talked a lot about it—ugh.  

I cooked a bowl of noodles in the morning, and before I knew it, it was already noon. Lately, my phone has been lagging a lot, probably due to aging components. I thought resetting it might not solve much, so I started considering getting a new one. I should have taken a proper nap at noon, but instead, I spent time browsing and comparing prices on different platforms, which left me poorly rested.  

In the afternoon, I studied for a while, but by around 4 p.m., I was really hungry. Since the rice was still cooking, I fried an egg to eat. I chopped up a lot of chili peppers and stir-fried them with cured meat, then ate it all with rice—it was so much.  

After that, I planned to go out to pick up Huang Wenxiu’s diary, which Huanhuan had bought, and also grab a few things. Cherries have been really cheap lately—you can get fresh ones for about 5 yuan per pound. I went to Jiahui Supermarket to buy some groceries for the next couple of days.  

Studying is always so easy to get distracted from. I really need to plan my time better and focus wholeheartedly on learning.  

I’m tired now, so I’m going to bed.  

> [!idea]  
> Sometimes I feel like my writing is very ordinary and doesn’t hold much value. But then I think that years from now, people might read my diary to catch a glimpse of what life was like for an ordinary person in this era.  
> I’m sure it will be very different from the future. 