---
title: April 9, 2025
date: 2025-04-09T02:50:54.000Z
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - code
  - hugo
tags:
  - mermaid
  - debug
  - seo
mood: happy
weather: overcast
location: Shuicheng
rating: 3
draft: false
---

### 10:50 Trying to Tinker with Website SEO  

There seems to be a lot of demand for this from others. I feel like I could dive deeper into it as a side gig and offer services to people.  

The principle isn’t complicated—just understand how major search engines and the web gather information, then adjust your website accordingly.  

### 12:38 Fixed the Mermaid Theme Switching Function  

Functions from different partials ultimately end up on the same page. So, declaring functions or variables repeatedly can cause interference, which needs to be debugged and eliminated. Another solution is to prefix names with the file name.  

### 14:28 Made Callout Compatible with Obsidian  

Reference:  
[Hugo Series (8): Adding GitHub-Style Alert Blockquotes - Tom's Blog](https://blog.grew.cc/posts/hugo-alert-blockquote)[^1]  

[^1]: [Hugo Series (8): Adding GitHub-Style Alert Blockquotes - Tom's Blog](https://blog.grew.cc/posts/hugo-alert-blockquote)  

> [!bug]  
> Testing the note block's style.  

For regular styling, it’s achieved by modifying CSS selectors:  
```css  
blockquote:not(.alert-blockquote, .quote-center, .quote) {  
    font-style: italic;  
    position: relative;  
    margin: var(--gap) auto calc(var(--gap)*.6) auto !important;  
    font-style: italic;  
    color: #666666;  
    padding: 1.1em 30px .2em 55px !important;  
    border-left: 8px solid #3e5a72 !important;  
    line-height: 1.5;  
    position: relative;  
    background: #EDEDED;  
}  
```  

The effect is as follows:  

> Hello there  
> How should multiple quotes be handled? <span>Test</span>  

### 16:36 Spent a Long Time on My Phone  

I took a nap at noon but ended up oversleeping without actually falling asleep. A regular routine is the foundation of healthy sleep.  

### 21:32 Came Back from a Walk with Mom  

Mom called and said my brother and sister-in-law weren’t home for dinner, so she had made too much food and didn’t want it to go to waste, so she asked me to come over and eat.  

I had already cooked my own meal—just tossed some fish mint salad and ate it. But it seemed like Mom also wanted to take a walk, so I put on my socks and shoes and went over.  

### 23:20 Added a Link Collection Page to Navi  

I’m really satisfied with this page—it looks very aesthetically pleasing. I’ll be adding some great blogs here in the future.  

When I have time, I can open them up for reference and learning, to see what other outstanding people are up to.  

### 00:16 Time Flies  

It’s time to sleep again. I should go to bed early, or I won’t be able to fall asleep.  

Committed all the code I wrote today.  

### Reflection

Recently, I've been too focused on technology and tools, neglecting the creation of content itself. More attention should be given to content output rather than the refinement of techniques.

