---
title: April 13, 2025
date: 2025-04-13T01:56:20.000Z
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - dating
tags:
  - cook
  - huan
mood: downcast
weather: sunny
location: ShuiCheng
rating: 0
draft: false
---

### 09:57 Woke up  

Haha, currently teaching Xiaohuanhuan about Git and GitHub.  

### 10:16 Teaching Xiaohuanhuan markdown syntax  

Haha, she seemed quite amazed and curious. But it’s indeed very useful—taking just a few minutes to learn it is definitely worth it.  

### Noon  

At noon, we fried mushrooms again. Using only potato starch didn’t taste very good. The potato starch was sticky, and after frying, it turned out quite tough. The texture wasn’t great, so we can improve on that later.  

### Nap  

When the two of us are together, we just get so sleepy—once we fall asleep, we don’t want to get up at all.  
After 3 PM, we took the leftover mushrooms to share with my brother and his family. Then, Xiaohuanhuan and I strolled along the Shuicheng River and admired the cherry blossoms by the riverside.  

My hair was greasy and messy, so I could only take some sloppy, unflattering photos. In the future, I’ll have to specifically train Xiaohuanhuan in managing her expressions, haha.  

### Return  

After seeing Xiaohuanhuan off on the bus, I took the K1 route back. It was 1 yuan more expensive, but there were far fewer people. Definitely worth it in this scorching summer heat.

Then I went to get a 15-yuan haircut, which turned out quite satisfying, and the barber was very nice. Since lunch was a bit greasy, I didn’t feel like eating much, so I bought some jelly noodles and cold skin noodles, along with 5-yuan crispy beans. Back home, I mixed them together myself, and it tasted pretty good.

