---
title: April 2, 2025
date: 2025-04-02T07:44:01.000Z
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - alone
tags:
  - hugo
mood: Insomnia
weather: overcast
location: ShuiCheng
rating: 1
draft: false
showToc: false
---

### 09:36 Getting Ready to Get Up  

The sky is already bright, and I haven’t slept enough. So annoying.  

### 12:30 Actually Getting Up Now  

Made a simple lunch of ham and shredded pork noodles—delicious!  

Then I started thinking about how many of the articles on my blog lack depth. Exposing shallow thoughts isn’t necessarily a good thing, and it also makes the blog structure messy.  

So I restructured the blog’s categorization logic: removed diary entries from the homepage and archive page, created a separate menu button for them, and organized them by year.  

> Cherish every idea you have. Follow the thread of each thought and explore it carefully. Consider whether it’s worth writing about. If it is, then make sure to articulate each idea clearly.  

Spending too much time realizing how precious time is can also be a waste of time.  

{{< encrypt >}}  

### 15:44 Finally Feeling Sleepy After Tinkering with the Blog  

Had insomnia again last night. Went to bed at midnight but was still awake at 2 a.m. Got up, took matters into my own hands (*DIY*), and quickly fell asleep afterward. Might need to get some melatonin or similar medication just in case.  

Sometimes, when you suddenly need something like this, searching for videos is hard and time-consuming. So it’s better to collect resources in advance.  

Wish I could spend every day with Huanhuan.  

{{< /encrypt >}}  

### 22:37 Bought a Domain for 12 Bucks  

Domain: [jeapo.top](https://jeapo.top) or [www.jeapo.top](https://www.jeapo.top)

Configuring the DNS resolution was a bit tricky. Now I understand it requires settings on both ends: Alibaba Cloud resolves to another network server, so accessing the domain will direct you to that server. If the server stores the domain’s information, it will provide the corresponding data to requests for that domain.  

### 23:07 Time to Sleep

I won't toss and turn before bed anymore; I'll just play with my phone, hoping to get a good night's sleep.

