---
title: April 25, 2025
date: 2025-04-25T02:27:01.000Z
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - alone
  - hugo
tags:
  - stroll
  - shortcode
  - eye
mood: quiet
weather: sunny
location: Shuicheng
rating: 3
draft: false
---

### 10:45 Completed the integration of Volcano Engine's API  

The money I topped up in DeepSeek always gets used up suddenly—not sure if it's due to an API leak or issues with the calls. Switched to the API provided by Volcano Engine instead; it's also cheaper.  

### 10:52 Optimized the QuickAdd action for adding records  

Now it can all be done in a single input box. Even with longer text, there’s no need to open the diary again to continue adding more.  

### 13:18 Failed attempt at using TypeIt as a shortcode  

Gave up on this. These trivial things aren’t worth the effort—remember, less is more. At all times, focus on the main content and grasp the essence. Unless I’m someone who produces appearances or tools, there’s no need to overcomplicate things.  

### 20:04 Suddenly discovered the benefits of nearsightedness  

My left eye has about 200 degrees of myopia. After staying indoors all day, I decided to go out for a walk. My eyes felt a bit uncomfortable, so I tried closing one eye—and made a novel discovery.  

As someone who strongly dislikes the overwhelming presence of advertisements in every aspect of life, I suddenly realized that mild nearsightedness can, to some extent, reduce the ads around us—because they become blurry.  

Those eye-catching slogans are like being intelligently blurred out, no longer able to grab our attention. Of course, this only works with around 200 degrees of myopia. If the prescription is too high, it might also affect our ability to appreciate the beauty in life. 