---
title: April 10, 2025
date: 2025-04-09T16:15:33.000Z
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - alone
  - code
  - hugo
tags:
  - cook
  - stroll
  - headache
mood: headache
weather: sunny
location: Shuicheng
rating: 1
draft: false
---

### 00:16 Time Flies So Fast  

It's time to sleep again. Need to go to bed early, or else I won’t be able to fall asleep.  

Submitted all the code I wrote today.  

### 10:34 Swelling and Pain Around My Eyes  

Not sure if it’s because I slept face down, but this morning I woke up with a painful swelling around my eyes. Nothing seems to help—lying still in bed, applying a cold towel, sitting in meditation, or even DIY remedies—nothing works.  

Might as well get up and take a shower. Even if I’m uncomfortable, life has to go on.  

> [!tip]
> I learned that mom also feels dizzy at the middle of last night and this morning, so I guess that this may be food poisoning.  
> I rarely get dizzy.

### 11:17 Still a Headache  

Did some coding, but now it’s not just my eyes—I feel terrible all over.  

> [!warning]  
> From now on, focus more on content creation and output, and open VSCode less!  

### 16:05 Cooking  

Today I’m making a stew with minced meat, potatoes, and tea tree mushrooms. Sounds absolutely delicious!  
It’s already simmering. By evening, I’ll just add some veggies, and it’ll be ready to eat.  

### 18:02 Headache Finally Eases Up  

Did some more coding—added a heatmap to the About page. Realized that shortcodes can achieve endless functionalities, and treating them merely as div containers isn’t ideal for website development. So, I refactored the shortcodes for frequently used websites and blog links, separating data from the page structure for easier maintenance.  

### 22:18 Back from a Walk with Mom  

Lately, my exercise routine has been excessive—walking five or six kilometers every day. It’s a bit much for me, but Mom seems to enjoy it, probably because she gets bored at home.  

My patience always wears thin when I’m with my parents—not sure if that’s good or bad. Maybe I should encourage them more instead of feeling impatient.  

Got home and immediately felt hungry. Even though I’d already eaten dinner (and hadn’t even cleared the dishes yet), I had another meal. Eating made me feel much better.  

### 23:13 Writing a Diary

After resting for a while, I got up to complete my diary entry and then submitted today's code changes.

