---
title: April 12, 2025
date: 2025-04-12T08:32:50.000Z
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - dating
tags:
  - cook
  - lying
mood: quiet
weather: overcast
location: ShuiCheng
rating: 1
draft: false
---

{{< encrypt >}}
Originally, we had decided to go to Lishan's house in Qingzhen for a barbecue today to celebrate their recent submission for review.

The initial plan was made because I had taken on a 专升本 (junior college to undergraduate) training program in Guiyang, and it happened to be convenient to visit Qingzhen. Later, due to sudden circumstances (see [2025-04-07.en](2025-04-07.en.md)), we canceled the trip. Another major reason was that a trip to Qingzhen would cost us at least 500+, and on top of that, Huanhuan and I hadn't had much time alone together in a while.  

So, the cost of this trip seemed disproportionately high, and I had to awkwardly tell Lishan that we wouldn’t be coming after all.  

The reason I gave—helping my mom adjust to city life—was actually the least important factor, but the other reasons were too hard to explain.  

**Sigh!** Such a sentimental person!  

### 16:32 First Time Boiling Peanuts  

I used the rice cooker. At first, I thought I’d added too much salt, but it turned out fine.  

Huanhuan turned into a little snack monster, sneaking bites nonstop.  

### 22:49 Improving Content Encryption  

Previously, I used simple Markdown syntax restoration, which didn’t handle links well and had limited format support. Now, I’m encrypting the HTML directly and then decrypting it to reinsert the content. Links are also specially processed, which should cover most scenarios.  

### Random Thoughts  

This afternoon, I wanted to laze around with Huanhuan, but my mom called saying she wanted to go out for a walk. So, we accompanied her and even took her to exchange some clothes she had bought earlier. She was really happy.  

The cherry blossoms during the day looked more vivid and detailed. Heh, I snapped a photo of Huanhuan and Mom together.  

In the evening, we bought some sea bass to make braised fish, but it didn’t turn out great—too much sugar and no dark soy sauce for color. We’ll do better next time.  

I’m here now, little Huanhuan!

{{< /encrypt >}}  


