---
title: 2025-11-12
date: 2025-11-12T23:47:22-07:00
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - study
tags:
  - assignment
mood:
  - happy
  - quiet
weather: mostly sunny
location:
  - Edmonton
rating: 2
stime: 420
release: -1
draft: false
---
This week is reading week, which means it doesn't have any classes.

I got up early and cooked some pasta for lunch because I didn't cook last night.

I arrived at the office about 09:48, and got off work at nearly 5.

I accompanied Amir to buy his trunks, but there isn't any shop selling it. Damnit.

I should be used to write diary on my phone. Turning on my laptop is a thing which is full of obstacles.

And I need to write more words to practice my writing.

> Practice makes perfect!

----

Here are some grammar suggestions for your diary entry [[2025-11-12]]:

1. "This week is reading week, which means it doesn't have any classes."
   - More natural: "This week is reading week, which means there are no classes."

2. "I arrived at the office about 09:48, and got off work at nearly 5."
   - More natural: "I arrived at the office at about 9:48 AM and left work at nearly 5 PM."

3. "I accompanied Amir to buy his trunks, but there isn't any shop selling it."
   - Correction: "I accompanied Amir to buy his trunks, but there weren't any shops selling them."
   - ("trunks" is plural, so "shops" and "them" should match)

4. "I should be used to write diary on my phone."
   - Correction: "I should get used to writing my diary on my phone."
   - ("get used to" + gerund is the correct form)

5. "Turning on my laptop is a thing which is full of obstacles."
   - More natural: "Turning on my laptop is something that's full of obstacles."

The rest of the entry is grammatically correct. The quote "Practice makes perfect!" is perfect as is. 

Would you like me to suggest any stylistic improvements as well?