---
title: June 30, 2025
date: 2025-06-30T04:13:09.000Z
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - alone
tags:
  - game
mood: quiet
weather: rainy
location: Shuicheng
rating: 2
stime: '238'
release: 0
draft: false
---

### 12:09 A Previous Bad Habit  

I used to have a bad habit—I loved frequently updating systems and software. However, this often led to various issues, increased read/write operations on storage hardware (shortening its lifespan), and caused system problems due to update-related bugs.  

Now, I’ve developed a slightly better habit: I’ve learned to coexist peacefully with update notifications. I no longer update unless absolutely necessary and no longer actively seek out new features—though I still keep an eye on the new functionalities introduced in updates.  

For computer software, I try to manage as much as possible with Scoop, which makes system reinstallation and migration easier in the future. I added the `kkzzhizhou_scoop-apps` bucket, which slowed down the Scoop list retrieval. Ironically, this turned out to be a good thing in a way.  

---  

### 12:49 *Overcoming Procrastination*  

Many people procrastinate endlessly, complaining that they lack motivation. But motivation actually comes from action. As long as you start doing something—anything that moves you toward your goal—you’ll find that motivation follows naturally.  

So, when I face a daunting task, I break it down into smaller, simpler parts. At that point, my goal isn’t to complete the entire task but just to take action and make a tiny step forward.  

---  

### 12:51 A Prophecy Fulfilled  

I fear that, in the future, substantive content in major media will gradually decline. Thirty-second clips will dominate, programs will cater to the lowest common denominator, and blind introductions to pseudoscience and superstition will proliferate—especially when ignorance is celebrated.  

— Carl Sagan, renowned American science communicator. This was written in 1994.  

---  

### 15:00 A Walk in the Rain  

I was still half-asleep from my afternoon nap when my mom called. She said she’d brought me some food and asked me to come downstairs to get it. After fetching the food and bringing it upstairs, I decided to walk her home and take a stroll along the way.  

Mom mentioned that this time, when she left, little Ningning was especially reluctant to let her go, saying, “She’s Grandma’s person too.” It made me feel a little sad.  

---  

### 20:55 Tried Arc and Zen Browsers  

Zen Browser is a Firefox-based fork of Arc. I quite like the design philosophies of both Arc and Zen—keeping frequently used links in different, easily accessible positions to create a more personalized browsing experience. 