---
title: June 24, 2025
date: 2025-06-24T15:10:00.000Z
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - Visa
  - alone
tags:
  - CSC
  - Visa
mood: quiet
weather: AM Overcast / PM Rainy
location: Shuicheng
rating: 3
stime: '436'
release: -1
draft: false
---

Last night, I found the official CSC organization at the University of Alberta, which gave me a lot of peace of mind.  

This morning, I connected with two friends on Xiaohongshu (Little Red Book). One is a senior already studying at the University of Alberta, and the other is a fellow student preparing to enroll this year, just like me.  

I clarified my thoughts about the visa process and spent the morning gathering more information on Xiaohongshu. I also took photos for my visa application and was quite satisfied with how they turned out. After that, I started looking into the various forms I need to fill out, and before I knew it, the morning was gone.  

In the afternoon, I suddenly felt drowsy and took a short nap. After waking up, I decided to go to the police station to apply for an ID card. First, I went to the Huangtupo Police Station, but they said I didn’t meet the requirements. So, I rushed to the Dewu Police Station and told them I needed a replacement ID. The officer directed me to a self-service photo booth. When the officer asked for my household registration booklet, I handed over my driver’s license instead. After that, I scanned a QR code to fill in the delivery address and made the payment. The whole process took less than five minutes.  

On my way back, I bought some plums and waxberries and also made photocopies of my passport.  

In the evening, I continued preparing my documents. My mom called and said my second uncle had picked a lot of loquats and sent them over. She offered to share some with me. After cooking and eating a bowl of noodles, I headed out. My mom was also walking toward me, and after we met, I walked her back home. She suggested we sit on a bench by the roadside for a while. We had just eaten two loquats when it suddenly started pouring. I quickly urged her to go back, while I took shelter under a pedestrian bridge. I called Feige during the downpour—originally planning to ask him to play a game—but the rain stopped shortly after. 