---
title: July 5, 2025
date: 2025-07-05T13:42:10.000Z
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - dating
tags:
  - friend
  - touched
mood: happy
weather: cloudy
location: Kunming
rating: 5
stime: '193'
release: 1
draft: false
---

Because we stayed out late yesterday, I slept in this morning.  

By the time I got up and got ready, it was almost 11 o'clock. Big Huang fried some eggs for us, and I ate a big, hearty bowl. Fully prepared, we headed to IKEA—this was my first time visiting IKEA with Little Huanhuan. We ended up with quite a haul; a cozy room doesn’t actually need to be all that complicated or troublesome.  

At IKEA, we even won some free mashed potatoes and ice cream in a lucky draw. Big Huang bought a hotdog, hoping to snag a free tiramisu cake, but unfortunately, that didn’t work out.  

After IKEA, Fangfang and Big Huang took us for a massage. The massage place had a nice ambiance, but honestly, I didn’t feel much difference afterward. Then, we took a taxi to meet Lao Sao for some mushroom dishes. Each type of mushroom was quite expensive, but they didn’t taste particularly great—nowhere near as delicious as I remembered.  

After dinner, we went to Lao Sao’s rented place, sat around for a bit, and chatted. Time flew by, and we had to hurry to the subway station to catch our train to South Station. Fangfang rode her e-bike to guide us—it was really touching.  

Even on the subway, Huanhuan and I couldn’t stop marveling at how lucky I was to have such amazing friends.  

By the time we got back to Huanhuan’s place, it was already 10:30 p.m., and her grandpa was there too. After a brief chat, we washed up and went to bed. Maybe because we were exhausted, I slept more soundly than usual. 