---
title: 2026-01-26
date: 2026-01-26T16:24:54Z
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - 
tags:
  - paper
mood:
  - quiet
weather: snow
location:
  - Edmonton
rating: 2
stime: 257
release: 0
draft: false
---

### 09:24 Start determine the topic

This is a last week for term paper. Everything is difficult at the beginning. Trying to use Perplexity #AI to help me select the topic, but it couldn't give me a proper, innovative, realistic topic.

I think the best way to find a meaningful topic is to do some things. The idea for solving the real problem will come up casually.

### 10:09 Candy

I found three 'j' shape candies on my desk when came to my seat. I guessed these were from #Luis, I messaged him for thanks. After I got some water back, Luis came to my seat talk with me, and invited me to attend a GSA election event; he even promised me, "No talking there".

### 11:37 He has become a pain in the ass

Because the event I mentioned above, even #Amir said, "He has become a pain in the ass". Lol, this is new expression for me. I laughed because even Amir, A so social guy, think too much social event has become a pain in the ass.

Eventually, Luis didn't go either; we had lunch together.

### 12:35 Egypt Fridge Magnet

As usual, we casually had a chitchat after lunch. #Mark passed us, shakehand with everyone, he even said he wanna give us some gifts. A few minutes later, he came back and gave us some Egypt style fridge magnet. He confidently said, "I am very famous on Tiktok". We opened the Tiktok to scroll his videos. He was really extrovert and I really appreciate his #confidence.

### Afternoon

In the afternoon, I polished my homework and continuously tried to set my term paper topic. Just like find a needle in a sea.

