---
title: "2026-01-27"
date: "2026-01-27T17:41:58Z"
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - 
tags:
  - reflection
  - speaking 
mood: quiet
weather: overcast
location: UofA
rating: 2
stime: 384
release: -1 
draft: false
---
### 10:41 Wrong Common Knowledge

 - It's colder than usual during snow melting
 - We should create a deeply touching work, such as a poem, a song, an essay, whatever

 These two common knowledge are most likely some basic #truth in our past education, but they are actually wrong in my experience recently.

 Regarding the first one, I found that during snow melting, the temperature is actually higher than usual days. Because the sun is shining strongly, and the snow is reflecting the sunlight, so the overall temperature is higher. Especially in Edmonton, when the snow is melting, it means the temperature is very comfortable rather than so cold in other winter days.

 The question makers only consider the snow melting will absorb heat, but they ignore the real environmental change.

 About the second one, I think that creating only need to express your true feelings.

### 11:39 Got the keys to lab

Today, Amir and I got the keys to labs from #Bonnie.We put 20 CAD deposit to get the keys. Bonnie is a very nice and kind lady.

### 11:40 Coffee works

Morning's coffee is very effective. After drinking a cup of #coffee, I feel more energetic and focused.

After second class, Luis came our seats and compared our assignment 3 of Finite Element Method. Some mistakes were found in my work, so I corrected these mistakes whole afternoon.

### The best way to practice speaking is to speak

I found that the best way to practice speaking is to speak. Just speak anything you want to say, don't care about the grammar, the accent, or the correctness. Just speak it out.

If you can learn how to pronounce phonetics symbols correctly, it will be better. But the most important thing is to build the confidence to speak.

In addition, just read some sentences what you are interested in aloud. It will help you a lot.