---
title: 2026-02-22
date: 2026-02-22T21:35:40-0700
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - 
tags:
  - maniac
mood:
  - quiet
weather:
  - cloudy
location:
  - UofA
rating: 2
stime: 495
release: -1
draft: false
---
It’s a quiet day.

Lying on my bed and scrolling on my phone gave me some relaxation this morning after hanging up with Huan.

Around 2:30 in the afternoon, I tried to work in my bedroom, but I realized my chair was uncomfortable. So I washed up, took a shower, and then went to the office to work for a while. I really need to spend more time on research.

I built a heat transfer model in #Abaqus by following a YouTube tutorial and fixed the issue with blink completion not auto-disabling.

Around 6:40, I decided to head home and buy some groceries. There are so many unstable people on the train or near the stations late at night.

I encountered a woman, probably in her forties, wearing what looked like pajama pants on the outside. For some reason her face was flushed red, and she was muttering unfriendly things — I could clearly understand that much. She scared away a tall Black guy standing across from her. While talking, she would occasionally lift her shirt, exposing her sagging breasts and wrinkled belly.

Because there are no ticket checks or visible security, the subway doesn’t feel very safe at night. I should really try to avoid going home too late in the future.

{{<encrypt>}}

It's a quiet day.

Lying on my bed and scrolling on my phone gave me some relaxation this morning after hanging up with Huan.

Afternoon around 2:30, I tried to work in my bedroom, but I found my chair is not comfortable. Therefore, I washed up and took a shower and then went to the office to work for a while. I need to spend more time on research.

I did a heat transfer model on Abaqus by following a video tutorial on YouTube, and fix the function of auto-disabling blink completion.

Around 6:40, I decided to go home and buy some groceries. There are so many abnormal people on the train or near the station at deep night.

我碰到一个把安睡裤外穿的妇女，40来岁的模样，不知为啥脸蛋通红，嘴里胡咧咧着一些不大友好的话，我能听懂确定就是。把对面的一个黑人高个男孩吓走了。说话间不时掀起自己的衣服，露出干瘪的乳房和褶皱伴随着脂肪的肚子。

因为没有检票和保卫的原因，晚上并不是很安全。以后还是尽量避免太晚回家。
{{</encrypt>}}
