---
title: 2026-02-25
date: 2026-02-25T23:15:09-0700
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - LazyVim
tags:
  - stay-up-late
  - tinkering
mood:
  - happy
weather:
  - overcast
location:
  - office
  - home
rating: 3
stime: 303
release: 0
aliases: []
id: 2026-02-25
draft: false
---

Today I woke up to my alarm — that’s a good start. However, Chathuranga messaged me saying he wanted to take the day off for a sports competition. I didn’t really want to go the gym either since I stayed up late last night. I tried to fall back asleep but couldn’t. Around 8 a.m., I decided to just get up.

Recently, the trains have been consistently late — and today was even worse, about 30 minutes delayed. That really annoyed me.

I accidentally discovered that I can easily toggle a word into a task list when the cursor is on it.

I spent the whole day writing the proposal and submitted it at 3:30. After that, I started reading some literature for the MINE 630 term paper.

Tonight, I spent quite a bit of time tinkering with snippet completion in LazyVim. Fortunately, the results are better than yesterday.

We should always use the most powerful AI available to help us; otherwise, we might end up wasting more valuable time.

{{< encrypt hint="Original Draft" >}}

Today woke up by my alarm, it's good. However, Chathuranga messaged me that he wanted to have a day off for a sports competition. I didn't wanna go either, because I stayed up late last night. But I couldn't fall asleep continuously, near at 8 am, I decided to get up.

Recently, the trains are always late, worse, today late for around 30 minutes. Angry!

I found I can easily toggle a word into a task list when the cursor on any words, accidently.

I spent whole day to write the proposal, and I submitted it at 3:30, then I started to read some literature for the term paper of MINE 630.

Tonight, I spent a lot of time on tinkering the snippets completion in LazyVim. Luckily, the results is better than yesterday.

We should always use the most powerful AI to help us, otherwise it might spend more valuable time.


{{< /encrypt >}}
