---
title: 2026-02-19
date: 2026-02-19T19:22:57-0700
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - 
tags:
  - buy
mood:
  - sleepy
  - happy
  - tired
weather:
  - sunny
location:
  - UofA
  - gym
rating: 3
stime: 346
release: -1
draft: false
---

**keyword**: gym, Abaqus, sleepy, promotion, burger

I got up early today because I needed to go to the #gym to exercise with Chathuranga.

It's a good way for me to get more time from a busy day by getting up early. After a few days of exercise, I realize that my muscles are weaker than others. They start trembling even when I only lift an empty steel bar without any weights.

I need to learn #Abaqus to finish the term paper for FEM, so I spent the whole day on it.

Due to lack of sleep, I was feeling so sleepy and tired after 5 pm. I didn't want to cook anymore, and I remembered that I had a 75% off #promotion on Uber Eats for my first 3 orders. I wanted to use it, otherwise I felt like I was losing something, but it notified me that it wasn't available after I confirmed the checkout. I tried KFC and A&W, and they both failed. Then, I wanted to try the last one on Thai Express. So excited! It worked!

Unfortunately, when I clicked the order details, I found that I didn't apply the promotion. I spent $20 CAD on rice noodles, damn it!

I still wanted to try that 75% promotion again after finishing the rice noodles. I ordered a combo which included double sliders, an iced tea, a side, and a small bag of fries. Surprisingly, it worked! So I ordered 7 burgers from A&W with that promotion, and I felt a little bit better.

I put them in the fridge when I got home. So tired today, I almost fell asleep in the food court.

