---
title: 2026-02-23
date: 2026-02-23T19:41:33-0700
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - 
tags:
  - confident
  - tinkering
mood:
  - happy
  - quiet
weather:
  - snow
location:
  - gym
  - office
  - home
rating: 3
stime: 111
release: 0
draft: false
---
I also went to the gym with #Chathuranga this morning. It’s already our second week, and I hope we can keep it up. I feel refreshed after working out, and it really helps me maintain a regular daily routine.

Tinkering with tools is incredibly time-consuming. This morning, I spent about an hour and a half adjusting my #LazyVim configuration.

During today’s group meeting, I felt more confident. I was able to talk fluently about some of my recent experiences. Next week, Amir and I should schedule a meeting with Victor.

In the afternoon, I spent some time working on the FEM term paper. Daytime never seems to be enough, and my work efficiency has been quite low. Perhaps I need to extend my working hours.


{{<encrypt hint="draft">}}

I also went to the gym for workout with Chathuranga this morning. It's already the second week, I hope we can insist to do it. I feel some refresh after fitness, and it is also good for keeping a regular daily routine.

Tinkering tool was really time-consuming. This morning I also spend around one and a half hour for tuning my Lazyvim configuration.

Today's group meeting, I felt more confident, I can talk some things what I experienced to others fluently. Next week we should request a meeting with Victor next week.

Spending some time on term paper of FEM afternoon. The daytime is not enough for me and my work efficience is really low. Perhaps I need to extend the work time.

{{</encrypt>}}
