---
title: February 23, 2025
date: 2025-02-23T18:16:28.000Z
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - dating
tags: null
draft: false
mood: quiet
weather: cloudy
location: 路上
---

I need to record what happened yesterday and today.  
The night before last, as soon as Xiao Huanhuan got off work, she rushed to the bus stop and took the intercity bus to Shuicheng.  

After I got off work, I also hurried to the supermarket because Xiao Huanhuan said she wanted to eat stir-fried beef with tea tree mushrooms. I couldn't find fresh tea tree mushrooms, so I bought dried ones. The beef was almost sold out, so I bought a small piece of tenderloin.  

Yesterday, we rested the whole day, and the stir-fried beef with tea tree mushrooms turned out to be quite delicious. Cooking and washing dishes are still a bit of a hassle, so in the future, we'll keep our meals simpler.  

Xiao Huanhuan talked about the things she was worried about, but to me, they didn't seem like big issues. Overall, we are quite stable and harmonious because we often think alike.  

Yesterday, my dad called to say that my grandmother might not have much time left. My mom also called me, but I didn't notice it. I tried calling her back close to 11 PM, but she didn't answer. Early this morning, she called me twice and showed me my grandmother via video call. I wasn't extremely sad, but seeing my mom looking so haggard and exhausted made me feel heartbroken. I thought it would be good to go and see her, to comfort my mom.  

I originally planned to go with Xiao Huanhuan to take the bus to Yuge, but the driver didn't stop midway, so we had no choice but to go to the train station area to catch another bus. The driver arranged for me to transfer at Yuge.  

There were many strawberries for sale in Yuge, and they were very cheap. However, since I was thinking about going to my grandmother's house today and there would be many people, it wasn't convenient to buy any.  

After arriving, I realized it would have been nice to bring some along, as the whole family would be sitting together and would want something to eat.

We came back shortly after finishing our meal, allowing Mom and Dad to rest for a while. Fourth Uncle lent his car to someone else who drove it here, making it convenient for them to return early tomorrow morning.

