---
title: February 25, 2025
date: 2025-02-25T08:52:07.000Z
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - negative
tags:
  - death
draft: false
mood: upset
weather: cloudy
location: ShuiCheng
showToc: false
---

There are some texts with a darker undertone that I don't want to simply expose to everyone.

At the same time, to ensure that my diary can truthfully record my inner thoughts, I have decided to write it down. If anyone wishes to view it, feel free to contact me at any time. If anyone is willing to understand, I will expose everything about myself, or if you have the means to view it in another way, please go ahead.

{{% encrypt %}}
### 08:52 Arrived at the Office

**Arrived at the office**, chatting with Sister Nan about my visit home to see my grandmother. It is a great blessing to be able to pass through life without suffering.

### 14:04 Grandmother is Gone

I just returned from my grandmother's house yesterday afternoon, and my brother rushed to Pingdi last night. At noon today, I saw the obituary posted by my cousin on social media, and the feeling of not knowing how to deal with death surged up again. My cousin reminisced about the past moments spent with our grandmother in his post. I probably don't feel as sad as my cousin does, as I didn't have many interactions with my grandmother.

Then I called my brother to inquire about the situation. He has to come back tomorrow to handle some work. The day after tomorrow, I will go back with him.

### 17:47 Preparing to Leave Work

Sigh.

### 23:12 Implementing the Hidden Function

At noon, I saw my cousin's post on social media reminiscing about our grandmother, and only then did I realize that she had passed away in the morning. I knew this moment would come soon, but I still wasn't quite prepared.

After lying in bed for a while, I called my brother and mother. Both my brother and mother asked me to come over in a couple of days, but I am quite conflicted inside: I think if I were at home, I could help out a bit; and I feel quite uncomfortable working here, it's very unsettling. But I am also a bit afraid of these scenes where I might feel at a loss, and at the same time, I can understand my family's expectations of me. They hope I can have more time to do my own things and pursue my dreams.

So I plan to ask Sister Nan for leave, wait for my brother at the rental place, and go back together the day after tomorrow or the day after that. I was going to talk to Sister Nan tonight, but she assigned me some tasks in the afternoon. I thought since I am still in Shuicheng, I might as well do them.

I feel very uncomfortable when I do something deceitful.

I don't want to take leave and then not go back, so I will ask Sister Nan for leave tomorrow. The reason I didn't tell Sister Nan immediately is because of this.

{{% /encrypt %}}
