---
title: March 27, 2025
date: 2025-03-27T01:04:42.000Z
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - alone
tags:
  - examination
  - cook
draft: false
mood: quiet
weather: sunny
location: ShuiCheng
rating: 4
---

### 09:04 Woke Up

My habits have been quite poor lately—I often find myself mindlessly picking up my phone to scroll through videos on Bilibili or Douyin. This behavior wastes a lot of time and significantly harms both my eye health and my normal routine. I need to be more mindful. I believe this is achievable because I didn’t used to have this habit, and I’ve also realized that most of the time I spend watching these videos, I’m not even happy.

I need to cultivate awareness!

### 15:34 Finished Reviewing Mistakes

Sometimes I wonder whether recording these trivial daily details and mundane accounts is meaningless. But then I think again—these words are all traces of my existence, no matter how small or ordinary. Without them, I wouldn’t even remember what I did last Monday, what happened to me, or what emotional journey I went through. Perhaps one day, all of this will become my precious treasure, even if only I think so.

### 17:33 Played 3 Rounds of Plants vs. Zombies Hybrid Edition—Quite Stress-Relieving

Feeling a bit physically tired.

### 21:03 Back from a Walk

<mark style="background: #FF5582A6;">Sleep is the most important thing in life. Eating is too, but when you’re hungry, you can’t help but eat.</mark>

Today, I said to Huanhuan:
> I was thinking—if we don’t have children in the future, what could replace the role of a child and become as strong a bond, something we’d strive for our entire lives?  
>  
> I think shared ideals, building a career together, or pursuing interests could work.  
> <span>Jeapo</span>

Coincidentally, I came across an article titled [Advice: Cultivate an "Output-Oriented" Hobby as Early as Possible](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/dwEMZXXjl_lS2rEiNATtIQ), which further strengthened my thoughts.

### 22:35 Finished a Comprehensive Aptitude Test

Compared to the essay section, this really is just about copying from the material. The answers are all in the text—you just need to find them and reorganize them in the required format.

### 22:46 Added a `rating` Attribute

I added a `rating` attribute to my diary template to evaluate the importance and significance of each day. Unlike `mood`, sadness, pain, or happiness won’t affect the score—it’s solely meant to highlight the insights and reflections I’ve gained.

The rating ranges from 0 to 5, with rough numbers to avoid overthinking when filling it out. The rating is converted into icons before the day of the week—the higher the score, the darker the shading.

In short, growth earns a high score.

### 00:46 Finally Finished Debugging

Now I can use this data to analyze my long-term state. The later it gets, the more energetic I feel. Time to sleep.
