---
title: March 31, 2025
date: 2025-03-31T11:32:02.000Z
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - alone
tags: null
mood: tired
weather: overcast
location: ShuiCheng
rating: 2
draft: false
---

Today is the last day of March. Last night, I accidentally stayed up coding until almost 2 a.m. again—another late night.  

Regret...  

The weather is unusually cold, making it feel like we're still in the depths of winter. This morning, I checked the progress of my CSC application and saw that it was still stuck at "received by the handling unit." Feeling a bit anxious, I called the exchange office of the Yunnan Provincial Department of Education. I tried twice in the morning but couldn’t get through, so I called again in the afternoon. They reassured me not to worry and said the teacher would handle it. That eased my mind a little.  

At noon, I cooked some rice and reheated the leftovers from yesterday in a pan. The steaming hot rice was delicious—I ended up eating two big bowls.  

In the future, I should try making more tasty dishes myself, like fish or fried chicken legs. It’s not difficult, and it’s definitely healthier than eating from street vendors.  

Thinking about it, I’m actually quite suited for creative professions. I have an almost obsessive dedication to technical implementations or aesthetics. I should nurture this interest and ability more.  

> Starting tonight, I’ll go to bed before 11:00 p.m., and no later than 12:00 a.m. at the absolute latest.  
> Regardless of the harm late nights do to the body, **staying up late ruins precious mornings**.<span>Jeapo</span>
