---
title: March 7, 2025
date: 2025-03-07T21:48:49
categories:
  - diary
series:
  - alone
tags:
draft: false
mood: sentimental
weather: rainy
location: Transportation Bureau
---

Today marks my last day working at the Transportation Bureau, concluding a three-month internship.

This morning, I treated my colleagues on this floor to a cup of milk tea as a gesture of gratitude. Coincidentally, it's also Women's Day, so I could use that as a fitting occasion.

Sister Nan has been the most helpful to me and has taught me the most. Yesterday, I bought her a small potted plant. She seemed quite reluctant to see me go, and so was I.

Guo Xue and I didn't have much interaction, but when the organization department came to our unit for a survey, she noticed me basking in the sun by the window. She then brought a heater from her other workstation and placed it beside me. This act warmed me more than the sunlight on my skin, and she is someone I particularly wanted to thank.

Xing Yinghui, Sister Xing, is also a wonderful person. Once, I arrived at work too early at noon, and the office door was still locked. Thinking that Sister Nan was still asleep, I didn't open the door directly but instead played with my phone outside. Sister Xing saw me and, thinking I didn't have a key, invited me to wait in their office. She always has a smile on her face and is a very kind person.

Zhou Qi, Brother Zhou, often shares knowledge with me and asks about my recent situation. When he sees my door open at the end of the day, he calls me to leave together. He even bought me milk tea once, for which I am especially grateful. Chen Ying from his office and I didn't interact much, but we would smile and greet each other when we met. Everyone is really nice.

Guo Ziyan, Lü Qibin, Chen Jing, and Han Yang have all had some degree of interaction with me at work, and they are all very friendly. Each has their own unique traits, so I won't elaborate on each one here.

Until we meet again, my friends!

I had the leftover braised rice from yesterday with Xiao Huanhuan. It was quite delicious, probably because I was hungry.
