---
title: The Impact of AI on Creative Motivation
date: 2025-02-11T17:19:40.000Z
categories:
  - original
series:
  - thought
tags:
  - AI
draft: false
author: ZJeapo
---

## Is the Impact of AI on Writing Motivation Positive or Negative?

First, let me state my viewpoint. This question arises from observations of internet blogs, and personally, I hold a positive stance.

Before the advent of AI, many people would document their learning processes and outcomes when they acquired new knowledge, publishing these on their technical blogs. With the help of search engine SEO, we could easily find out if others had encountered the same problems we faced. More often than not, we relied on this process to seek solutions to our issues.

The emergence of AI has made solving some simple problems much less laborious. Here, "simple" is not meant in the literal sense but rather in comparison to the high intelligence of AI. After all, these are problems that often leave us racking our brains without finding a solution.

Thanks to AI, understanding and solving problems has become much more convenient, and the process has been simplified. It might even help us save a few strands of hair. Many times, we don't even realize that a problem is worth documenting, let alone publishing it on a personal blog.

Based on the above analysis, people's motivation to create simple technical documents or basic thought pieces has diminished. Of course, this is the opposite for those who use AI to generate large amounts of low-quality content to fill the internet and monetize traffic. Those who are unaware of advanced technologies and their trends are inevitably becoming victims of AI on the internet today. A plethora of fake AI videos, voiceovers, and aimless text are being created by individuals with a bit of psychological knowledge and AI skills, flooding the internet. It's no wonder that the internet feels both magical and boring, like the sky covered by a kaleidoscope. For me, the emergence of AI has shifted people's focus more towards humanity itself rather than the technical issues they encounter. The questions being pondered are also more closely related to the meaning of human and societal existence and development.
